The lady boss has another order of fried noodles.
Ok ok you wait for me
Master Feng
Here's a trained guy hitting my brother
He insulted you.
Big brother fans are here
Wife, scan the code and pay.
Ok husband, don't forget it, don't pay, I'll treat you.
We are not like these local tyrants
You have to pay to eat
Thank you. Thank you.
Xiaofei, wait a minute.
Maple Leaf is coming soon
I could have killed you
But you are too weak
Let's wait for Fenwang to come and take care of you.
Pardon me?
Wait for me to clean up, are you crazy
Hahaha yes
I forgot to tell you just now.
I also have a title called Swordsman
Sword Master is really courting death
You scold you for pretending to be a sword master
If you don't spill blood on the spot today
I am the only one who is incompetent in the underground world
My husband is really respected
Take your life and go
I can't walk later.
Let's see who can't leave
Master Feng, you are here
Who dares to kill my brother in my Beidu
I killed you, are you going to kill me?
Mr. Xie
Governor of the North
See Mr. Jian
Thank you king
Mr. Xie
Mr. Jian